	1. Isolating RNA
		i. Grab the frozen pellet
		ii. Run the RNAeasy kit
			i. Very simple to follow
			ii. Spin for 30 seconds instead of 15 seconds
		iii. Measure the RNA concentration using nanodrop (blank with RNAeasy water)
			i. Also get 260/280 ratio (for purity)
		iv. Store in -80 degrees Celsius
	2. Conversion of RNA to cDNA
		i. Use cDNAtemplate_blank and add the concentrations and labels from the nanodrop
			i. Remeasure RNA concentrations
		ii. Grab the mini tubes
		iii. Grab the RNA and qscript cdbna supermix( in fast SYBR box in -20 freezer) on ice
		iv. Add the appropriate amount of RNA-free water, RNA(pipette up and down, don't vortex) and 4uL of the sample
		v. Vortex for 1/2 second and then centrifuge
		vi. Run on quanta in Sabrina's section
		vii. Transferred to labeled 1.5mL Eppendorf tubes 
		viii. Dilute with the appropriate number of water
		ix. Store in -20 degrees celsius 
	3. Running the qPCR
		i. Thaw the primers and cDNA on ice
		ii. Label everything
			i. 1 1.5ml eppendorf tube per gene for primer mix
			 
			ii. Num genes * num samples of 0.75mL eppendorf tubes
		iii. Get the sheet
			i. Add how many samples you have (5: so 3 for gene, 1 for beta-actin and another one as extra)
			ii. Prepare a tube for primer mix: 10uL forward + 10uL reverse + 80uL ultrapure H2O
				- Freeze extra down
			iii. Prepare a tube for master mix: add required amounts of fast sybr, primer mix and ultrapure water
			iv. Repeat for all genes 
		iv. Vortex the master mix
		v. Add the cDNA (vortex firstresults_scr) to the tubes and then the master mix (re-vortex)
		vi. Vortex the mini tubes
		vii. Grab a qpcr plate
		viii. Add 20uL per well
		ix. Put the qpcr adhesive sticker and press firmly
		x. Centrifuge at 400rcf for 1 minute
			i. Balance with another qpcr plate
		xi. Set up
			i. Open quant studio
			ii. Create new experiment
			iii. Go to properties
				- Experiment: comparative Ct
				- Chemistry: SYBR green reagents
				- Run mode: fast
			iv. Determine stage 2 temp based on the primers
				- Change it to lowest temp of all the primers you are using
			v. Add the plate layout
				- To create a sample, drag, enter sample name and gene
			vi. Go to file and save 
			vii. On machine, add plate
				1) Lead experiment
				2) Network drive
				3) Select experiment
				4) Start run    
		
